today we're going to make everybody's
favorite chicken fried rice and the
ingredient is is white rice and you cook
it the day before and you keep in the
refrigerator you wet your hand and lose
all the rice and you could look at my
shrimp fried rice how am I gonna do that
and then the bins pile some chicken
breasts to a some scallion and some mix
of vegetable I'll use the frozen mixed
mixture of vegetable is the bus and now
we're going to marinate the chicken for
us I already cut it up some cornstarch a
little bit sugar the restaurant they've
have a youth msg but I don't use the msg
and I just use your sugar and step and
light soy sauce like soy sauce and then
use the crisp oil and I put a little bit
of water and you just mix it up and let
it sit for about maybe 10 minutes
and now the water is hot I put a little
bit a quick Savoia this coupling in
there okay now the egg is done may I say
do not call this your heart and now I
add a little bit more the gracious it
oil you could use the same while you're
going to wash it and then you can put
your chicken in there
you can post now that you can't saucer
and white and then you know he's done
then it's time to take it out
and then you got now you had to clean
your wall
okay now the wall is clean and now the
wall is hot and now the times you put a
use of greasy oil put a little bit of
crazy oil not too much more you make
fine rice do not put too much oil it
won't taste
[Music]
I'm gonna stir it to Stuart family for
10 minutes until you feel the right it's
hot now the vault a minute and they can
fill it the rise is hot and then put my
chicken Inga
and then time time to ask this link
[Music]
some seesaw
little bit of sugar that's how I always
say are they where they use the sugar
instead of MSG outside restaurant they
use msg black pepper
[Music]
a little bit of light soy sauce
and move it sauce soy sauce
[Music]
and other secret ingredients and Lil's
or fish sauce fish sauce just a little
bit stand up this too much because it's
all for your sake and then you got dried
rich flavors you see the color changing
not only time to end your egg
[Music]
and now your please file video only
prints probably don't have to enter this
box and the last one galleon
and now it's ready
and now we ready sir
and nobody shouldn't get hungry with
this pile vehicle your chicken pie is
ready